I. Background Cruise is a majority-owned subsidiary of GM, ¶ 26, which referred to Cruise in its public filings as “GM Cruise” and GM’s “global segment responsible for the development and commercialization of [autonomous vehicle (“AV”)] technology.” ¶ 48. Plaintiffs allege that Cruise’s AV technology was paramount to the future of GM, with “Cruise [a]s a key element of GM’s growth strategy.” ¶ 387. In February 2021, Cruise was valued at about $30 billion, more than half of GM’s market capitalization throughout the Class Period, and GM publicly projected that Cruise had the potential to deliver $50 billion in annualized revenues by the end of the decade. Id. According to plaintiffs, defendants made various misrepresentations to investors about the state and capabilities of Cruise’s AV technology during the Class Period. Defendants allegedly represented that Cruise’s AV technology had reached the point where Cruise could already operate a revenue-generating, fully driverless robotaxi business without any additional research and development (“R&D”). For example, as Cruise’s then-CEO speaking to GM investors on October 6, 2021, Ammann stated that Cruise had exited the “R&D phase,” by “solv[ing] that engineering challenge of a generation of building a self-driving system that can drive with a human or better level of performance,” and that this achievement “marked the beginning” of Cruise’s pivot to “commercialization.” ¶ 278. Similarly, as Ammann’s successor as Cruise’s CEO, Vogt stated on March 10, 2022 that “from a technical standpoint, there’s basically zero incremental work to get to revenue.” ¶ 304. Plaintiffs allege that Cruise’s entire enterprise was to commercialize its AVs and that its massive contribution to GM’s valuation depended on its ability to do so. ¶¶ 26, 49. Plaintiffs allege that defendants also claimed Cruise AVs could drive safely, reliably, and legally without input from humans. For example, Ammann claimed on October 6, 2021 that Cruise AVs “can operate without a human in the loop now.” ¶ 284. Defendants likewise described Cruise AVs as “fully autonomous,” “fully driverless,” and “truly driverless” at various times to investors throughout the Class Period. E.g., ¶¶ 276-80, 290-98, 324-26. For example, as Cruise’s Chief Operating Officer (“COO”), West stated on March 6, 2023, “[W]e launched full driverless service a little over a year ago,” ¶ 340; and on an October 27, 2021 GM earnings call, Barra, who was GM’s CEO and Chair of Cruise’s Board of Directors, touted Cruise’s ability to provide “full driverless ride-hail service” in San Francisco, ¶ 292. Defendants also described Cruise AVs as having “Level 4” autonomy, which is a reference to the five levels of autonomy defined by the Society for Automotive Engineers Taxonomy (the “Taxonomy”). E.g., ¶¶ 274, 290, 308, 344, 348, 350. For example, Parks, as a GM Executive Vice President, claimed that Cruise was “launching a driverless fully autonomous Level 4 vehicle,” ¶ 290; and Jacobson, as GM’s CFO and a GM Executive Vice President, stated that Cruise’s AV technology was “full Level 4,” ¶ 348. Cruise allegedly explained, during the Class Period, that there was an “essential expectation” that an AV referred to as “Level 4” or “fully driverless” must be “capable of driving fully autonomously 100% of the time.” ¶ 80. Finally, throughout the Class Period, Barra allegedly claimed at various times that Cruise’s AV technology was already safer than a human driver. ¶¶ 266, 268, 354. However, these representations were allegedly false and misleading. The complaint contains detailed allegations from former Cruise and GM employees serving as confidential witnesses (“CWs”), media reports, and complaints submitted to the California Department of Motor Vehicles (the “DMV”), which according to plaintiffs, attest to persistent and severe problems with Cruise AVs. ¶¶ 95-165. According to plaintiffs, the CW allegations show that Cruise AVs could not operate without frequent input from humans, and they could not operate as functional vehicles, even with human assistance—that is, they did not drive safely, reliably, or legally, as defendants claimed. For example, the allegations show that Cruise relied on humans to remotely operate its AVs; Cruise AVs stalled or failed frequently, requiring physical retrieval by humans; Cruise AVs failed to reliably recognize and drive safely around children; Cruise AVs engaged in “unsafe” and “erratic” driving, e.g., ¶ 167 (describing Cruise AV’s “erratic and high[ly] unpredictable stop, as if it was about to run over a pedestrian,” which was a “a computer error, locking the[] brakes” and causing a rear end collision); this unsafe and erratic driving caused numerous crashes and internal safety concerns that went unresolved; and Cruise AVs suffered from additional functionality and safety problems, such as an inability to consistently recognize pedestrians or children or large holes in the road. ¶¶ 95-220. Plaintiffs allege that defendants’ fraud regarding the state and capabilities of Cruise’s AV technology started unwinding after a Cruise AV’s crash on October 2, 2023 (the “October Crash” or “Accident”). That evening, a human-driven vehicle struck a pedestrian in San Francisco, launching the pedestrian into the pathway of a Cruise AV in the adjacent lane. ¶ 194. The AV then hit the pedestrian and came to an initial stop, allegedly pinning her beneath it. Id. Plaintiffs allege that although the Cruise AV’s camera could see the pedestrian it had struck, it began driving again with the pedestrian underneath—dragging her about 20 feet down the street and causing serious injuries. ¶¶ 194, 219. Within hours of the Accident, high-ranking Cruise executives, including Cruise’s then-CEO and CTO Vogt, became aware of these details. ¶¶ 226-30. Plaintiffs allege that Vogt, Cruise, and GM, however, made the conscious decision to misrepresent the circumstances of the Accident to the public by disseminating incomplete video footage and issuing media statements claiming the AV had come to a complete stop upon impact, while concealing that the AV subsequently continued driving and dragging the pedestrian. ¶¶ 356-64. The truth about the October Crash and Cruise’s AV technology was allegedly revealed through three corrective disclosures on October 24, October 26, and November 8, 2023. ¶¶ 365-82. According to plaintiffs, the corrective disclosures revealed that the Cruise AV had dragged the pedestrian rather than safely coming to a stop; the DMV was suspending Cruise AV permits after the DMV found the AVs posed an “unreasonable risk to public safety,” ¶ 195; federal authorities were investigating Cruise for its AVs’ allegedly unsafe and erratic driving behavior; and Cruise was pausing all AV operations nationwide, recalling its entire fleet, conducting an investigation led by an engineering firm, searching for a Chief Safety Officer, and overhauling its internal processes relating to safety, transparency, and community engagement. ¶¶ 365-82. The corrective disclosures allegedly caused GM’s stock price to decline by about 2.3%, about 4.8%, and over 3%, respectively. ¶ 17. GM lost billions in market capitalization, and investors suffered substantial losses as a result. Id. After the Class Period, Cruise released an internal report by the law firm Quinn Emanuel Urquhart & Sullivan, LLP (the “Quinn Report”), which investigated the October Crash and laid out certain facts regarding Cruise’s handling of its response to the Accident. ¶¶ 249-53. According to plaintiffs, the Quinn Report found that Vogt knowingly directed the dissemination of the misstatements concerning the October Crash and pedestrian dragging. Id. Plaintiffs allege that this behavior is consistent with Cruise’s pattern of otherwise deceptive behavior, noting, for example, an administrative ruling that Cruise made “misleading” statements in the context of its disclosures to regulators about the October Crash and that by “withholding information . . . Cruise misled the DMV.” ¶ 248. In the aftermath of the October Crash, plaintiffs filed this putative securities class action. Plaintiffs claim under Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act, 15 U.S.C. § 78j(b) (“Section 10(b)”), and Rule 10b-5(b) that defendants are liable for securities fraud in connection with the sale of GM securities based on alleged misstatements, ¶¶ 458-71, which fall into two broad categories—statements made before the October Crash concerning Cruise’s AV technology (the “Technology Statements”) (the “Technology Statement Claims”) and statements to the press immediately after the October Crash (the “Accident Statements”) (the “Accident Statement Claims”). ¶¶ 259-363. Plaintiffs further claim under Section 10(b) and Rules 10b-5(a) and (c) that defendants are liable for securities fraud based on an actionable scheme (the “scheme liability claims”) and under Section 20(a) of the Exchange Act, 15 U.S.C. § 78t(a) (“Section 20(a)”), that Barra, Jacobson, and Parks are liable as control persons of GM and Cruise and Vogt, West, and Ammann are liable as control persons of Cruise.2 ¶¶ 472- 85.